README.md, before:

# Tasks

## TODO selector
in: "remainder" list + last organizer
out: updated "done" list + mail
- select organizer (on init/first run)
- select tramline (from remaining list) and put into done list
- if not init select alternate organizer and set as "last organizer"
- store lists
- send mail to organizer with tramline

## Restaurant selector (simple)
in: tramline
out: restaurant list
config: search diameter
- select all tramstations of line t
- select all restaurants in proximity of stop(t)
- send mail with restaurant list (names)

## Apply Moudi rules
in: restaurant list (including address, geolocation, e.g. grouped by tramstop), tramline
out: filtered restaurants that face tramline (are on same street)
- find street segments of tram
- select restaurants that have address that has its address on street segment

## Restaurant suggestion
- check tripadvisor
- select best restaurants
- order by whatever criteria

## Render restaurant list
- make look nice

# Configuration file format

```
{
	"mailconfig": {
		"host": "mail.yourhost.ch",
		"port": 465,
		"secure": true,
		"user": "***",
		"pass": "***",
		"from": "Moudi Oracle <***>"
	},
	"organizers" : [
		{ 
			"username" : "ff",
			"name"  : "Fred",
			"email" : "fred@feuerstein.ch"
		}, 
		{
			"username"    : "jd"
			"name"  : "John",
			"email" : "john@doe.com"
		}
	],
	"tramlines": [ 2, 3, 4,  5, 6, 7,  8, 9, 10,  11, 13, 14 ],
	"history" : [
		{
			"month" : "2020-01",
			"organizer" : "ff",
			"tramline" : 4
		}
	]
}
```

Commit message:

Updated README for first task, added run info, added example configuration

README.md, after:

# Tasks

## Organizer + Location selector
in: state
out: updated state
- select organizer (on init/first run) from organizer list, compare with last history
- select tramline (from tramline list), filtered by history
- if not init select alternate organizer and set as "last organizer"
- store lists/state
- send mail to organizer with tramline

## Restaurant selector (simple)
in: tramline
out: restaurant list
config: search diameter
- select all tramstations of line t
- select all restaurants in proximity of stop(t)
- send mail with restaurant list (names)

## Apply Moudi rules
in: restaurant list (including address, geolocation, e.g. grouped by tramstop), tramline
out: filtered restaurants that face tramline (are on same street)
- find street segments of tram
- select restaurants that have address that has its address on street segment

## Restaurant suggestion
- check tripadvisor
- select best restaurants
- order by whatever criteria

## Render restaurant list
- make look nice

# Run

- Install node.js
- Run `npm install` in this directory
- Run `node src/js/oracle.js <configfile.json> [--force]` to run the moudi-oracle

The provided configuration file must be in the format documented below, you can find
an example file with empty history (fill in proper organizers and mailer passwords)
in the `config` folder.

Note that the script can only be run once per month. It will exit, if it detects,
that it has already been run for the current mont. You can use `--force` as 2nd 
argument to force finding of next month's moudi.

# Configuration file format

```
{
	"mailconfig": {
		"host": "mail.yourhost.ch",
		"port": 465,
		"secure": true,
		"user": "***",
		"pass": "***",
		"from": "Moudi Oracle <***>"
	},
	"organizers" : [
		{ 
			"username" : "ff",
			"name"  : "Fred",
			"email" : "fred@feuerstein.ch"
		}, 
		{
			"username"    : "jd",
			"name"  : "John",
			"email" : "john@doe.com"
		}
	],
	"tramlines": [ 2, 3, 4,  5, 6, 7,  8, 9, 10,  11, 13, 14 ],
	"history" : [
		{
			"month" : "2020-01",
			"organizer" : "ff",
			"tramline" : 4
		}
	]
}
```
